# everflow-event-planner

1. Setup Instructions - depends on your deployment environment. Personally, I would set up an Azure pipeline and push the app out to hosting on Azure. For a minor application, this would not even need containerization.
2. API outline. The Identity API is provided directly from ASP.NET Identity. The CommunityEvent API exposes only two methods - search and create. An additional endpoint is required for signing up for events, which should be another POST endpoint ("communityevent/{id}/signup") passing the userId as part of the Authentication process.
3. Scalability - for a simple API like this scalability is not really an issue. If scaling is a requirement, then the choice is to scale horizontally or vertically. Vertical scaling by moving the hosting to more powerful hardware (or higher specification cloud resources) is fine for a small website, but has limitations in terms of cost and effectiveness for large user base and/or high availability APIs. Where high availability under significant load is required, a kubernetes deployment is the preferred cloud-centric approach. K8s allows an API to rapidly scale up under increasing demand, but then to scale back to minimise cost and resource usage when load drops. The other scalability component is the database, which can also be scaled in cloud environments in step with the API (not automatically), although IMHO if the database becomes limiting you probably have an issue in the database design or are using really low-spec resources.
4. Security - the API here uses ASP.NET Identity with cookie-based authentication. For any serious application I would factor the Identity out into a dedicated system such as IdentityServer, Auth0 or Azure B2C and rely on bearer token authentication in the back end.   
